Let's talk about the things that go
beyond code, that go beyond assertions.
Sometimes the people are what we have.
If I couldn't get those tests
working in time at work,
I'd have to put it down and move on,
just like we did right now.
And so sometimes, we need to work
around that to work together so
that we have human power to cover it.
The computer wasn't quite there for
me to get that test coverage.
So I'm gonna write testing,
how to reproduce it manually in my PR.
If I couldn't get my test coverage in
on time, but I needed to ship that fix,
I would tell my human colleagues
how to reproduce that.
So it's actually kind of a teaching
moment that our test didn't work,
because you might run out of time.
And so, we don't wanna just drop it.
We definitely want our team members
to be able to test out things in PRs.
And if you give them testing steps,
they might actually follow them.
That's the thing.
It's kind of like if you never tell anyone
how to reproduce a thing, depending on
your code review culture, they might
just rubber stamp it and not look at it.
Like, they'll look at the code,
but they won't go very deep.
I'm trying to help my teammates.
Yeah, careful what you wish for.
I'm trying to get my teammates to give
me more thorough code reviews, but
they're awesome.
When it comes to how to
reproduce something,
we could really help our teammates and
our QA friends out by saying like, hey,
here's how you get this into the state,
here's how how it should work.
And that's like documenting that
contract in words where we could also
use automation.
We should try to get there.
I would be doing more efforts on Monday
to go and fix those text at work.
So, when it comes to our organizations,
we wanna build up
the institutional knowledge so
that say I had a medical emergency and
I couldn't go back to work for a while.
How tough would it be for
my team if I'm the only one that
knows anything about accessibility?
What we really wanna get to is so that
more people know about it, so that you're
more sustainable with it, because it's
not falling on one person's shoulders.
It's spread around.
And we can do so much better that way,
because we have more perspectives,
more people who have their hands in it.
So we increase our
institutional knowledge.
Accessibility specialists work
very hard to get people to care.
Sometimes it can be very difficult, but
there's different approaches to this.
Training, doing audits,
doing hands-on accessibility engineering.
But it sometimes feels like boiling
the ocean when your efforts could just
be deleted with a pull request or
a leadership decision.
So that's partly why we really
need this to be a team sport.
The more people we have aware of it,
the more successful it'll be.
So we want a culture of it.
Rather than isolating this to a few
people, we want a broader effort.
We need a culture around it, just like
you might have a design culture or
a testing culture.
We wanna adopt an accessibility culture,
a civil rights culture.
It's like that has some weight to it.
That's really what this is about.
So we started the day talking about that,
we looked at all of the technical parts.
I really wanna bring us full circle
back to what that's all about, and
that is that it's about
people's civil rights.
So how can we do that in a way
that's real, but palatable?
It's like we wanna balance what's at
stake with bringing people along and
persuading everyone.
So here are some tips.
Do user testing.
Nothing gets designers attention more than
watching someone fail to use something
that they've made and they loved.
And share recordings.
You can record those usually.
When I worked with Faible,
I had recordings of those calls that
I could share with my teammates.
So not everyone needs to be present for
that particular meeting.
You could share those assets and
many people could learn from that.
And really more than the result of that
one user test, the effect long-term
is that it can teach your team how
people with disabilities use the web and
how they use your product, and
that is worth its weight in gold.
Put an accessibility
statement on your website and
share the feedback that people
give you with the relevant teams.
And I have a link here on what goes
into an accessibility statement.
It's usually on the footer of your site,
just like with your privacy statement.
It's a place to give people a way
to contact you, a way to say, hey,
we're aiming to meet WCAG 2.0 [LAUGH]
double A, even though it's 20 years old.
We are trying to meet WCAG 2.1, whatever
standard you're aiming for, document that.
And don't be like, we're compliant,
probably not helpful.
Say, we're working on it.
We're aware of it, where it's
the standard we're aiming to meet.
Because you don't wanna make false claims.
You wanna be real about it and
invite people feedback.
Because any feedback you can get
from real users, those are gifts.
It's amazing.
Include accessibility documentation
in easy-to-find places,
such as testing tips, user short testing,
or sorry, user keyboard shortcuts.
Like, are users gonna ever
be able to find those?
And for your internal folks,
are there docs on how to test things?
If there's a place that you could
share that, that'd be awesome.
Have lunch and learns.
Maybe you could watch a conference talk or
something as a team.
Or maybe your team member wrote
something for accessibility and
they could do a quick demo on it.
Make a culture of knowledge sharing.
If you're in an office,
take a cue from Google.
They used to put a printout in the
bathroom stalls [LAUGH] to kind of catch
people when they're taking
some time to themselves.
I mean, you could have a tip.
Something really bite-size,
easy to remember,
just like some workflow tip for
accessibility, awareness tip.
Talk about accessibility in planning,
design, and code reviews, bring it up.
The earlier the better.
But that's how this work gets done.
That's where the rubber meets
the road is when we bring it up,
and we do something about it.
Do the best we can there.
And make everyone responsible for
it, not just the one champion.
They're gonna burn out, maybe.
That happens.
And we wanna take care
of our team members,
like your tech leads,
watch out for burnout.
Because it's unfortunately
common in accessibility.
People have lofty ideals and
we wanna do good and
we want to make a difference,
but it's not always sustainable.
It's hard to hear no when you're like,
but this is essential.
It's a tough place to be in.
So watch your team members, try and have
those working relationships where they
trust you to actually tell
you how things are going.
And find sustainable improvements
that bring joy and satisfaction.
Find the things you can control,
that you can do, and
cross some stuff off your list,
get some wins.
And of course,
these are all my suggestions.
These are just things I've seen over time,
leading teams, being on teams.
And so your mileage will vary.
I mean, teams are so diverse and
made up of so many different people, and
constraints, and
all the things that make our teams unique.
So you have to kind of find what works for
you.
But at the end of the day,
this stuff matters because
it's about improving access.
So, we wanna try and do our best and
push the limits whenever
we get that opportunity.
It's like, if we just stretch a little
bit, maybe we could get this in.
We wanna be civilized about it.
We don't need to overwork ourselves or
something.
But if you can just push a little
bit harder to get something in,
that would be pretty great.